+++
date = '2026-05-09T09:07:00+05:30'
draft = false 
title = 'My Fourth post'
+++
So, this is my fourth blog. I feel very good to talk about how I know how things work. I work on two projects in my course. Both are very useful and interesting for me.first one is chatboat projects and second is dashboard. Both are a little bit hard for me because I didn't know about these things earlier but after I search on these topics I manage all the stuff.  

CHATBOAT PROJECT
This project of this course I found very interesting. I did many projects or lab work on this course earlier but this one is a very creative and interesting experience for me .at the starting when my instructor discuss this thing in class I am being little bit afraid because many thoughts are processed in my mind how i do all these stuffs but this is a group work or if we stuck at any point i have my group members to help me.  When I started work on this project , I found it a little bit difficult. I don't know how chats work or how commands work, but slowly I learned all this. I know how chats give the information quickly to the user by giving the answer to a question. While I am working on this I  know what type of questions users ask related to admissions. I faced difficulty in understanding the elements in our portal like many things there are buttons, text bar, website, video, images. I don't know how to upload images. I see that video and after that I use all the things. And a very difficult thing is how we decide the correct flow of conversation. But I am doing work with patience. And I fixed it. In the end this project helped me know the importance of technology in real life. And also chatbots are very useful for all they help a lot to save the time of people. This project has also helped me to improve my skills, overall I enjoy this project.

DASHBOARD PROJECT
Firstly, this project is very interesting for me because this is my skill or hobby to play with data so as we work on a metabase dashboard so in this project firstly when i read the document i did not know anything about what to do? So I read the whole document which our instructor shared. After that we all sat in our group and discussed what we wanted to do. We want to make data easier to understand by presentising it in a clear and well organised way, As i say i am very interesting in this topic so after talking to group i know what we want to do when i am start doing i am stuck at start so at first i see video on youtube about that work this video is very useful for me i learned about how we can combine or display multiple sources in one place. So now I am stuck choosing the topic because I have data but I do not know at which topic I will make my dashboard so after opening the air pollution data which is on our dashboard page I decided to work on average pollutants in Haryana. But this is not as easy as I think. Because we do all things in the dashboard like collect the data, organised and visualized. So for mine collecting the data is very easy but now problem is that how we organize the data so after many try I am make well organised way and also visualization is very confusable for me means i dont know where the charts, graphs, and panels are used but we done this in our course so I fix this with mine. So major difficulty is deciding how to structure the dashboard. Overall, this project is very useful for me to increase my knowledge,critical thinking,and my technical skills.
