+++
title = "Third Blog"
draft = false 
date = 2026-04-08
+++

# Unit 3
So, In Third unit we learn about Failure, we all know about when we are doing anything new we faces problems sometime we fail doing that thing so this is not about you fail in that works in this unit we learn what is failure and its consequences. When we are doing programming or coding data representation we face many errors and technical problems also, it feels bad sometimes. In this unit we read a case study and a chapter  so basically this whole work is a group work but we sit together and do the whole work very politely. So our case study is all about that Y2K bug. This is also known as The Millenium Bug or 2000s’ Bug. In this case study we found that in previous times computers used only the last two digits of the year to show the date. Like computer use 99 instead of 1999. As soon as the time came closer to the 90s. People would worry about what would happen in the midnight of 31st of december 1999. Newspaper printing news like that we see is any big scene will be created on 1 jan. Will the world end? This thing is very interesting that the rumours spread about what will happen at midnight? Did the computer stop working? Also people really face problems like if a baby was born in 1990 so sometimes computers put her D.O.B is 1880. Some people face problems in banking accounts and whole market banks, flights and government services get affected by this problem. But the good thing is that some people think this was in a positive way and they come together and make a plan on how to overcome this problem.Companies from the U.S.A spent hundred billion dollars to overcome this problem.  
Another part of this assignment was summarising the chapter from book **Right Kind of Wrong:** The Science of Failing Well by Amy Edmondson. This chapter was really very interesting as from its name only _(Context and Consequences)_ we can know that it will talk about contexts and their respective consequences. This was what my first impression was of this chapter but it was far more engaging than this (at least i found it interesting). It also discusses what kind of approach we should take to encounter these different types of failures and in what sense we can learn the best from them.
